W-12521512: Add example for allowutf8 property (#254)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

`-M-Dmail.mime.allowutf8=true`

> For example, posting a multipart payload with filename=`不明.txt` without setting the `allowutf8` property to `true` would produce the following garbled text for the `filename` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, posting a multipart payload with filename=`不明.txt` without setting the `allowutf8` property to `true` produces the following unreadable text for the `filename` field:
```
